Pubwich’s changelog
===================

Pubwich 1.3 (2010-02-18)
-------------------------------------------------
* Added GitHub service.
* Added Gowalla service.
* Added support for custom services in `/themes/theme_name/lib/Services`.
* Added custom HTTP headers capabilities to FileFetcher.
* Modified the standard way to extend existing services, with the `requireServiceFile` method.
* Merged pubwich-i18n repository into core.
* Modified the default theme to add `box-shadow` to individual service boxes.
* Moved `Zend_Json` from Twitter service to the main Pubwich class, so other services can use it.
* Fixed a bug in Readernaut service where `{%size%}` would not work properly.

Pubwich 1.2 (2009-12-08) - `31db64390f9428389acef1c338426c6c7e2e7b2c`
---------------------------------------------------------------------
* Added support to add `<head>` links for services.
* Added some .htaccess files to prevent from loading PHP files from the browser.
* Added `{%content%}` tag for the RSS service.
* Added Sample service (Sample.php).

Pubwich 1.1 (2009-10-11) - `7bfae13e74836981b2c4287d4786e37c39b66c7d`
---------------------------------------------------------------------
* Added multi-methods support for services. For example, the Flickr service now has FlickrUser, FlickrGroup and FlickrTags methods.
* Added custom callback support for services that might not use XML (like JSON) Default callback is still `simplexml_load_string`.
* Added `Zend_Json` library, in case PHP's json extension is not enabled.
* Removed PHP Smartypants and PHP Markdown.
* Changed the default theme's font.
* Removed PEAR dependency.
* Updated Savant3 to its latest codebase (compatible with PHP 5.3).
* Services that use RSS (like Delicious) and Atom (like YouTube) feeds are now extending RSS or Atom service class.
* Fixed Twitter negative time bug (#19).

Pubwich 1.0 (2009-09-20) - `39f93374894ece0fcd552feb78a82c1654ded63d`
---------------------------------------------------------------------
* Initial release
