# Pubwich

Pubwich is an open-source PHP Web application that allows you to aggregate your published data from multiple Websites and services into a single HTML page.

## Installation

Duplicate `cfg/config.sample.php` to `cfg/config.php`. (Optional: if you want to use a custom theme, duplicate `themes/default` to `themes/your_theme_name` and edit the `PUBWICH_THEME` constant in `cfg/config.php` to `"your_theme_name"`.

Edit the newly created config.php to fill the blank spaces with your informations (API keys, usernames, site’s URL, etc.) and to modify the arguments passed to `Pubwich::setServices()`. See the *Services configuration* section of this file.

Modify your crontab file (by running `crontab -e`) and add the following line:
`*/<N> * * * * <PHP> -f <ABSOLUTE_PATH>/cron/cron.php`

Then replace the following elements:
`<N>` → Cache expiration (in minutes)
`<PHP>` → The path to PHP executable binary (usually `/usr/bin/php` or `/usr/local/bin/php`, use `which php` to find it)
`<ABSOLUTE_PATH>` → Absolute path to Pubwich directory

Example: `*/10 * * * * /usr/bin/php -f /home/myusername/public_html/pubwich/cron/cron.php`

Change the permissions on the cache directory to make it writeable for all (`chmod -R 0777 cache`).

Everything should be working now (when browsing to your server!).

## Upgrading to Pubwich 1.4

There are a few things that you’ll need to consider when upgrading to Pubwich 1.4; Notably, Twitter OAuth support and a new templating language.

### Twitter & OAuth

Before Pubwich 1.4, you needed to enter your Twitter username and password in order to make request to its API. This is called “*Basic Authentication*”. But since Twitter [dropped support](http://www.countdowntooauth.com/) for this kind of authentication in june 2010, Pubwich doesn’t support it anymore. A [small tutorial](http://pubwich.org/wiki/Using_Twitter_with_Pubwich) is available to show you how to create a Twitter application, get OAuth application keys and access tokens.

After you are done configuring Pubwich 1.4 to work with Twitter, you can remove your Twitter `username` and `password` parameters from your configuration file.

### Custom item templates in your theme

Every theme has a `functions.php` file that contains at least the basic template for what Pubwich calls a “*box*”. Along with that `boxTemplate` function, you can define other templates, such as how an item is rendered for a specific service. Before Pubwich 1.4, you could use this template syntax:

    function Atom_myblog_itemTemplate() {
      return '<li><a href="{%url%}">{%title%}</a> - {%content%}</li>'."\n";
    }

But now, with the new Mustache.php template engine, you have to use this syntax:

    function Atom_myblog_itemTemplate() {
      return '<li><a href="{{{url}}}">{{{title}}}</a> - {{{content}}}</li>'."\n";
    }

So, basically, instead of `{%variable%}`, you have to use `{{{variable}}}`. The new template engine allows us to use conditionnals, loops and other kinds of cool stuff.

## Service configuration

In Pubwich’s `config.php` file, a service looks like this:

    array( 'Flickr', 'photos', array(
            'method' => 'FlickrUser',
            'title' => 'Flick<em>r</em>',
            'description' => 'latest photos',
            'total' => 16,
            'key' => '________',
            'userid' => '________',
            'username' => '__________',
            'row' => 4,
        )
    ),

Where `Flickr` is the *service*, `photos` is the *variable* and `FlickrUser` is the *method*.

These parameters can be used for all services:

* `title` → The box title.
* `description` → The box description.
* `total` → The number of items to display.

### Atom

* `url` → The feed URL.
* `link` → The website URL.

### Delicious

* `username` → The Delicious.com username.

### Facebook

* `id` → The Facebook user ID.
* `key` → The Facebook API key.
* `username` → The Facebook username.

### Flickr

* `row` → The number of photos per row. Pubwich adds the class `derniere` to each row’s last photo.
* `sort` → The order in which to sort the photos. See [this page](http://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.photos.search.html) for all the possible values.
* `key` → The Flickr API key.
* `method` → Either `FlickrUser`, `FlickrGroup`, `FlickrTags`

#### FlickrUser

* `userid` → The Flickr user ID. Use [this page](http://idgettr.com/) to find it.

#### FlickrGroup

* `groupid` → The Flickr group ID. Use [this page](http://idgettr.com/) to find it.

#### FlickrTags

* `tags` → The tags as an `array()` or a string with comma separated values.

### GitHub

* `username` → The GitHub username
* `method` → Either `GithubRecentActivity`, `GithubRepositories`

#### GithubRecentActivity

*No specific parameter*

#### GithubRepositories

*No specific parameter*

#### GithubGists

*No specific parameter*

### Goodreads

* `userid` → The Goodreads user ID.
* `size` → The size for each book cover.

### Gowalla

* `username` → The Gowalla username.
* `password` → The Gowalla password.
* `key` → The Gowalla API key.
* `method` → Either `GowallaUser`, `GowallaUserStamps`, `GowallaUserTopSpots`

#### GowallaUser

*No specific parameters*

#### GowallaUserStamps

*No specific parameters*

#### GowallaUserTopSpots

*No specific parameters*

### Lastfm

* `username` → The Last.fm username.
* `key` → The Last.fm API key.
* `method` → Either `LastFMRecentTracks`, `LastFMWeeklyAlbums`, `LastFMTopAlbums`

#### LastFMRecentTracks

*No specific parameters*

#### LastFMWeeklyAlbums

* `size` → The size of each album covers.

#### LastFMTopAlbums

* `size` → The size of each album covers.

### Readernaut

* `username` → The Readernaut username.
* `method` → Either `ReadernautBooks`, `ReadernautNotes`

#### ReadernautBooks

* `size` → The size of each book covers.

#### ReadernautNotes

*No specific parameters*

### RSS

* `url` → The feed URL.
* `link` → The website URL.

### Text

* `text` → The text to display.

### Twitter

* `method` → Either `TwitterUser`, `TwitterSearch`
* `oauth` → The OAuth configuration array. Example:

        'oauth' => array(
            'app_consumer_key' => '',
            'app_consumer_secret' => '',
            'user_access_token' => '',
            'user_access_token_secret' => ''
        ),

#### TwitterUser

* `username` → The Twitter username.

#### TwitterSearch

* `terms` → The search query.

### Vimeo

* `username` → The Vimeo username.

### YouTube

* `username` → The YouTube username.

## Custom templates

When Pubwich is ready to display its data, it first looks into the theme’s `functions.php` file to see if custom template functions are defined. There are currently four kinds of template functions: box templates, item templates, column templates and layout templates.

### Box templates

Box templates control the way whole boxes are displayed. There are a few different ways to define them:

* `boxTemplate()` (applies to all boxes, **must** be defined in `functions.php`)
* `<Service>_boxTemplate()`
* `<Service>_<Method>_boxTemplate()`
* `<Service>_<Variable>_boxTemplate()`
* `<Service>_<Method>_<Variable>_boxTemplate()`

Example:

    function boxTemplate() {
        return '
            <div class="boite {{class}}" id="{{id}}">
                <h2><a rel="me" href="{{{url}}}">{{{title}}}</a> <span>{{{description}}}</span></h2>
                <div class="boite-inner">
                    <ul class="clearfix">
                        {{{items}}}
                    </ul>
                </div>
            </div>';
    }

### Item templates

Item templates control the way each box item is displayed. Each service has its own default templates, but using the following function names, you can redefine them:

* `<Service>_itemTemplate()`
* `<Service>_<Method>_itemTemplate()`
* `<Service>_<Variable>_itemTemplate()`
* `<Service>_<Method>_<Variable>_itemTemplate()`

Example:

    function Twitter_TwitterUser_itemTemplate() {
        return '<li class="clearfix {{#in_reply_to_screen_name}}reply{{/in_reply_to_screen_name}}"><span class="date"><a href="{{{link}}}">{{{date}}}</a></span>{{{text}}}</li>'."\n";
    }

There’s currently no documentation about which tag you can put between `{{{}}}` braces for which service. In the meantime, you can check a service file (located in `lib/Services/<Service>.php`) and look for the `populateItemTemplate` function.

### Column templates

The column template defines how each column is rendered. You don’t have to define this template; the default used by Pubwich is this:

    '<div class="col{{{number}}}">{{{content}}}</div>'

Where `{{{number}}}` is replaced by the column number and `{{{content}}}` is replaced by the column content (the *boxes*). For instance, you could put this in your `functions.php` file:

    funtion columnTemplate() {
        '<div class="column column-{{{number}}}"><div class="column-inner">{{{content}}}</div></div>'
    }

### Layout templates

The layout template defines the columns layout. Again, you don’t have to define this template; the default layout used by Pubwich is this (eg. if you defined 3 columns in your `config.php` file):

    '{{{col1}}} {{{col2}}} {{{col3}}}'

So each column is displayed one after the other. But if you’d like to change that layout, you can use this:

    function layoutTemplate() {
        return '<div class="first-column">{{{col1}}}</div><div class="other-columns">{{{col2}}} {{{col3}}}</div>';
    }
